listen a lot of people have been hyping
up the spider-man movie as if Miles
Morales himself saved them from a bank
robbery
they were the franchise so full of
reboots and one of the most iconic
characters there's MonaVie critics
there's those of little faith who don't
like Tobey for some reason everyone but
like three people like Garfield's movies
and my boys Brown table and high top
have got great videos on why homecoming
did it feel so good but everyone seems
to be agreeing with this one it's
getting Oscar buzz they released it
before he was even meant to be released
and everyone including my dad keeps
calling me up saying dude have you seen
the new spider-man movie and I'm over
you're like dad but to me it can't be
that easy to the throne a quote unquote
masterpiece right we can't be like IGN
who announces the best game of the
decade every time a new dlc is released
there's gotta be stuff that withstands
the hype like it varies for people of
course but when I say that spider-man 2
is one of the greatest superhero movies
I mean it it isn't meant to be a part of
a consensus or because of a bias I'm not
gonna change my mind just because it
becomes the cool thing to hate on it to
me spider-man 2 still is the greatest
spider-man movie out there but hot
damned this one come close let me
explain I'll start off by shouting out
General Mills who we were able to
partner up with for a spiderís video
where we broke down all the timelines
they taught me how to say the word flip
and boosted your boy from the alley
brain to the real Cinnamon Toast Crunch
so momma we mean however this video
right here and everything on this
channel is pure ellamy so let me
elaborate on this movie a little further
obviously we're dealing with a lot of
universes here but what's cool about it
is how they pay homage to the best
spider-man series out there considering
that Lord and Miller were behind this
it's kind of dope to see how they've
dipped into Marvel and DC and I've kind
of dissected their most iconic
characters better than Marvel and DC
like they show you the spider-man from
our world who threw away his shot with
MJ cuz he couldn't commit to kids
he's eating more pizza than the Ninja
Turtles cuz he's depressed crying
himself to bed looking like a father of
four with no kids he's pretty much
become this broken hero who's trudging
along moping in his own sorrow and it's
interesting how a lot of people have
really seemed to connect with that the
aspect of a broken hero who sets himself
up to be redeemed
which is weird cuz y'all weren't messing
with these other one day Wilson Fisk
from another dimension
looking like a Minecraft character
decides to build his Hadron Collider
that allows him to dip into other
universes to get back something that was
taken from him but since daredevil was
cancelled in every timeline he settles
it retrieving the family he lost instead
but love love is the perfect prison
that's where Miles Morales comes in
who's getting used to his new school and
let me give props this character right
here you know I've always been very
against properties just giving
hand-me-downs and calling that diversity
you know they just swap out a character
that's been around for like 50-plus
years and instead of creating an
original character that can stand their
own they just give them like I said
their hand-me-downs to a character
that's already established Miles Morales
isn't that that's why I've always been a
fan of mouths and Bama and beyond
because Peter Parker and Bruce Wayne
still exists in those universes they're
just the next to take the mantle and
they do it in their own way
so for those complaining that it's
ruining the spider-man you know when
it's not but there's like 40 Peter
Parker series on the shows right now
there's two Peter Parker's in this movie
he ain't goin nowhere but I love all
miles was pretty much a reverse Peter
Parker where his uncle ends up being a
villain known as the Prowler who
sacrifices himself and that kind of
becomes the thing that pushes Mouse
forward the same way that Ben's death
did for Peter and it smiles whole
perspective as well like Peter will go
to a cafe while Mouse goes to a bodega
Peters soundtrack back in the day was
honed by Nickelback in some 41 while the
new ones got ski mask vince post Malone
black post Malone and it's even things
like miles shoes that are referenced
multiple times throughout the movie
things that I know some people aren't
gonna see is a big deal though they'll
think it's corny to put so much
attention on shoes but that's probably
cuz they're sporting the Evan Hanson
sevens these things do matter
obviously he ends up getting bit by a
spider and starts sticking to everything
which first he thinks it's just because
he's a team but then he realized he's
freaking spider-man that's when the og
Peter Parker comes to this dimension and
realizes that things are a bit different
like instead of kinky boots it's kinky
heels snapchat is Picabo there's from
dusk till Sean Blue Man Group at their
Red Planet angle would instead of
Hollywood a remix of star boy and
coloring book and scariest of them all
Stefan Curry playing golf and well it
took me a while to realize who actually
voiced by term an ad
hey listen up this part is your universe
saga it's weird it's gross and this
delicious normal fry is my universe duh
new girl zoey is so talented Peter then
shows miles the ways of the TWiT as they
try to stop Wilson Fisk but the thing is
Peters so fat yes to wear sweatpants
like Regina George so a mouse ends up
having these Randell powers and can
static shock people
Peter struggling to put steps in on his
Fitbit they'd upcoming across the
scientists who built the Hadron Collider
using the divination spell she didn't
teach Harry but then we realized that
she's this dimensions Doc Ock they
escape and end up running into four of
the spider people in order for Sony to
flex her animation skills their spider
Gwen who I thought was pretty cool even
though they could have gone a little bit
deeper and how she had to put down her
own Peter Parker because he ended up
becoming a villain in her dimension and
she kinda has those Natalie Dormer vibes
going Nick Cage who's voicing spider-man
noir who I thought wasn't funniest of
the group big hero penny who but that
was fine and Peter Parker who had the
best closing quote out of the mall even
though the rest of the time that he was
on screen he just reminded me of Wilbur
from Famous Dave's but together they
gotta find a way to go back home since
they're all glitching more than Penelope
and even though the MCU has been trying
to push this whole Stark Parker
father-son relationship because we know
Tony's bound to have a kid soon and
retired to be a dad
Sony beat him to it I was actually
really surprised how well that theme of
fatherhood was executed like there's
uncle Aaron who not only teaches them
how to talk to girls but gives them the
finishing punch to say the day his own
dad who recognizes the disconnect that
he not only had with his son but was
protecting the city and of course Peter
who wasn't ready for kids taking mouths
under his wing and realizing that with
his great power and MJ he can take on
that great responsibility thinking I've
checked out this video I'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comments section I'm pretty sure most of
you have seen this movie like I said as
I mentioned them in the beginning highly
recommend Brown tables video and
high-tops video hi-top he's a spider-man
freak so there's a bunch of videos you
can check out on his and Brown tables
has been blowing up recently because of
the way that he covered CGI and he gets
a really good points for it so
definitely check out both other stuff
it's real
good in terms of this movie though I do
think it lives up to the hype I'm not
saying his better than spider-man - my
opinion is still tied in second place
with spider-man 1 there's a bunch of
things that I do like about this movie
the he took the bagel line I think was
one of the funniest lines that I've
heard the entire year the after credits
with I think it was like a Latino
spider-man voiced by Oscar Isaac that
was great I think if there was one thing
that would make it like solidified not
tied for second place or maybe even
would have pushed it over first is if
they would have really broken the fourth
wall and gotten Tobey Maguire to voice a
character one of the things that I
started thinking of and then I realized
well they can't do it since they already
did it for the lego movie was since they
were going into different animations and
you know they were all kind of done
differently they were in different
dimensions why not have one that was
live-action and then they go in there
and they see the old Peter Parker but I
figured I already did that they're
probably not gonna do it again but if
they had done that or if they do it with
the sequel that's already been greenlit
you know then we're talking about
something that may have to get replaced
and in terms of the ranks but here's
know your thoughts down below in the
comments section who are your favorite
characters in this movie what you're
looking forward to any of all that all
that other stuff don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and I'll send you a
slice of Joe's
he stole a gas Pizza